---
title: Kleiner Perkins Fellows
navigation: false
layout: page
main:
  fluid: false
---

:ellipsis{right=0px width=75% blur=150px}

::block-hero
---
cta:
  - View
  - /introduction
secondary:
  - Follow Us on GitHub →
  - https://github.com/KPFellows
---

#title
Welcome to Kleiner Perkins Fellows.

#description
At Kleiner Perkins, we are passionate about fostering the next generation of technology leaders. Our Fellowship program is designed to provide exceptional students with the opportunity to work closely with innovative companies and gain deep industry knowledge and skills.

#extra
  ::list
  - **800+ Fellows** enriched with diverse knowledge
  - **Events, Coaching, and Networking** opportunites
  - Broaden your perspective with industry-leading mentors
  - Access and contribute to our resourceful database
  - Fully organized fellowship programs
  - Real-world exposure and experience
  - Used and recognized by [Top Industry Leaders](https://kleinerperkins.com/portfolio)
  ::

#support
 ::card{icon="twemoji:rocket"}
 #title
 Vision.
 #description
 The **Kleiner Perkins Fellowship** aims to be the gold-standard program for technology aspirants, connecting students with compelling opportunities at the forefront of the tech industry. :br
 ::
 ::card{icon="fxemoji:lightbulb"}
 #title
 Mission.
 #description
 We strive to nurture the potential of every Fellow through a **unique curriculum** that includes technical skills enhancement, mentoring by seasoned executives, entrepreneurial workshops, and networking opportunities. :br
 ::
::

::card-grid
#title
Fellowship Benefits

#root
:ellipsis{left=0px width=40rem top=10rem blur=140px}

#default
  ::card{icon=noto:rocket}
  #title
  Focused Programs
  #description
  Embark on ventures in Engineering, Design, and Product Management, targeted for maximum real-world exposure.
  ::

  ::card{icon=flat-color-icons:podium-with-speaker}
  #title
  Insightful Sessions
  #description
  Learn from the best with masterclasses, speaker series, and AMA sessions with industry leaders.
  ::

  ::card{icon=icon-park:peoples-two}
  #title
  Network Growth
  #description
  Connect with a diverse network of exceptional individuals sharing their journey towards innovation and success.
  ::

  ::card{icon=flat-color-icons:organization}
  #title
  Corporate Exposure
  #description
  Gain insight into the corporate world with company deep-dives, opportunities to attend Board Meetings, and access to our extensive portfolio.
  ::

  ::card{icon=noto:rocket}
  #title
  Career Boost
  #description
  Advance your career and gain recognition with real-world experience, opportunities for innovation and networking.
  ::

  ::card{icon=aicon-progressive-development}
  #title
  Personal Growth
  #description
  Expand your skills, perspective, and knowledge through dedicated mentorship and learning opportunities.
  ::
::
